_content/disclaimer.md, before:

---
title: "Disclaimer"
lastUpdated: "2026-01-20"
---

# Disclaimer

## General Information

The information provided on this website is for general informational purposes only. While we strive to keep the information up to date and accurate, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability of the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website.

## External Links

This website may contain links to external websites. We have no control over the content and nature of these sites and are not responsible for their content.

## EU Funding Disclaimer

The Health-AI project receives funding from the European Commission's Horizon Europe Programme under grant agreement number [GRANT_NUMBER]. The content of this website represents the views of the author only and is their sole responsibility. The European Commission does not accept any responsibility for use that may be made of the information it contains.

## Medical Disclaimer

The information on this website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.

Commit message:

Fix prose styling and improve content formatting
- Install @tailwindcss/typography plugin for proper prose styles
- Configure typography in tailwind.config.ts with custom spacing
- Fix legal pages (privacy, disclaimer, cookies):
  - Remove duplicate h1 titles (title is already in frontmatter)
  - Add proper spacing for lists
  - Update coordinator to Medical Data Works B.V.
  - Correct funding info (AIC4NL, not EU Horizon)
  - Update contact emails to info@health-ai.nl

This fixes the formatting issues on /about and other pages where
h2, ul, li elements were not properly styled.

_content/disclaimer.md, after:

---
title: "Disclaimer"
lastUpdated: "2026-01-20"
---

## General Information

The information provided on this website is for general informational purposes only. While we strive to keep the information up to date and accurate, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability of the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website.

## External Links

This website may contain links to external websites. We have no control over the content and nature of these sites and are not responsible for their content.

## Funding Disclaimer

The Health-AI project is funded by the AI Coalition for the Netherlands (AIC4NL) through the AiNed program. The content of this website represents the views of the Health-AI consortium only and is their sole responsibility. The funding organization does not accept any responsibility for use that may be made of the information it contains.

## Medical Disclaimer

The information on this website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
